Colleges in Canada are well-known for their higher academic standard.George Brown College is one of only a few academies that have an Instructor Trainer status. The college also provides an option for entry into University of Ontario Institute of Technology upon completion of my program. As well as the opportunities to receive transfer credits towards further study to attain a degree. 

George Brown offers a wide assortment of projects in craftsmanship and plan, business, local area administrations, youth instruction, development and designing advancements, wellbeing sciences, friendliness and culinary expressions, preliminary examinations, just as specific projects and administrations for late outsiders and worldwide understudies. 

The school offers 35 certificate programs, 31 progressed recognition programs just as eight degree programs, one related to Ryerson University. The school offers the accompanying degrees:

Bachelor of Interpretation – American Sign Language – English
Bachelor of Applied Arts – Early Childhood Leadership
Early Childhood Education (Consecutive Diploma/Degree)
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Bachelor of Commerce – Financial Services
Bachelor of Commerce – Culinary Management
Bachelor of Business Administration – Hospitality
Bachelor of Technology – Construction Management

An extra 27 authentication programs, five pre-school programs, 10 disciple projects, and 28 alumni declaration programs balance the school's full-time advertising. There are 193 proceeding with training authentications/assignments accessible. 

Right now, there are around 25,888 full-time understudies, including 3,553 worldwide understudies, just as 3,729 low maintenance understudies and 62,840 proceeding with instruction understudies. 

George Brown has 15,000 distance schooling understudies considering in more than 35 nations. The most famous distance training program presented by the school is its honor-winning Electronics Technician distance instruction program, created by Dr. Colin Simpson. 

In 2012, George Brown was named one of Greater Toronto's Top Employers. 

In 2014, George Brown College has been positioned as the third-best examination school in the nation, climbing 19 spots in the rankings from the earlier year. Examination Infosource, which distributes yearly rankings writes about innovative work at foundations across Canada, delivered the outcomes for the best 50 universities on Oct. 22, 2014. George Brown drove 16 Ontario universities "by drawing in $9.3 million of exploration subsidizing" in the 2013 monetary year.

